ERASE RANGE
-----------
The current range will be cleared after confirmation. The confirmation
request state can be changed with a configuration program.


COPY RANGE
----------
The copy-pointer appears and, after a hit, copies the current range to
the new position, which top left hand corner has been select. It is
important to know that the formulae are copied, which means that
relative cell references using functions like col() etc. are also
relative to their new position, whereas absolute references (eg. [C8])
are kept. Normal reference are adjusted. Be careful with overlapping
regions, because copying is done cell by cell.


MOVE RANGE
----------
This function works the same way as the copy range functions, but it
clear the cell where the formula came from.

UNITS
-----
This allows you to change the number format in the current range.

Negative numbers are usually represented by a leading minus sign,
positive number are shown as they are. The function "sign number
always" puts a plus sign in front of positive numbers.

Alternatively, the function "brackets when negative" put negative
values in brackets whereas positive values are left as they are.

The function "insert seperators" splits the integer part of a number
into blocks of three digits each seperated by a comma (,) for enhanced
readability. A configuration program can change the comma to an (').

The german speaking community requires a special numeric format,
because there is no decimal point, but a decimal comma, and digit
seperation is done via points. The function "german representation"
takes care of that.


CURRENCY SYMBOL
---------------
This allows to introduce a numeric value in the current range with a
new monetary symbol. All symbols can be configured to different texts.


JUSTIFICATION
-------------
This allows to display numeric values in the current range to be left-
or right justified.


ECHO OVER RANGE
---------------
The echo function takes the content of one cell and uses this formula
for the whole selected range. Thereby any relative references are
adjusted accordingly. First of all, select the range over which the
echo should be performed. Then you activate the echo function. If you
move the pointer into the grid, you identify the echo-mode pointer. Use
this pointer to select the cell which should be used for echo, with a
hit.


PROTECT RANGE
-------------
It is possible to protect a cell or a range against modifications.
Select the cell or range and choose this command.


UNPROTECT RANGE
---------------
The opposite of protect, allows you to modify the unprotected cells
afterwards.
