ENTERING NUMBERS
----------------
Let's start with the easy task of entering a number into a cell, say
for example, 42. First of all, select an empty cell as the current
cell. As you certainly remember, entries are made in the entry line, on
top of the grid. All numbers can be entered directly when the pointer
is in the grid window, ie. without selecting the entry line explicitly.

That means for you that you just have to press the digits 4 followed by
2. When first digit is entered, QSpread recognizes that you wish to
enter a number and activates the entry line itself. To confirm the
entry, press ENTER. Now you will see that the number 42.00 is in the
current cell. (If someone is interested: the fractional part of the
number is just a display format that can be changed. Details follow.)


ENTERING LISTS OF DATA
----------------------
As it is a usual procedure to enter columns of data into some following
cells, there is an easy way in QSpread to enter lists of data (numbers,
text or formulae) without having to select each cell on it's own.

First select the block, as described above, as the current block. After
the first number is entered, QSpread prepares the next cell and
requests entry in the entry line. In case you made up your mind not to
enter any more data, just press the ESCape key.


MULTIPLE CELL ENTRY
-------------------
Sometimes it is quite useful to enter the same data (numbers, text or
formulae) in more cells (ie. in a block). That's what the All command
(F9) is for. When it is active, the one data entered will be used for
all cells in the current block. This is interesting when making use of
special functions like col() or row(), that result in different values
according where they are used in the grid.


ENTERING FORMULAE
-----------------
You can not only enter number starting with digits directly, but
formulae and text alike, where QSpread was made intelligent in the way
that it recognizes automatically, whether the entry is a number, a
formula or text, you don't even need to start text with an quotation
mark. Just type in the word you like and QSpread does the rest. In fact
at first, QSpread tries if it can get any value out of your entry. If
this fails, it assumes that it is a text and inserts a quotation mark
automatically. This means also, that errors in formulae like eg.
sqrt(-1) appear as text and can be easily edited. Of course, you can
still force QSpread to take your entry directly as text if you start as
usual with a leading quotation mark.


TEXT ENTRY
----------
To enter a simple text into a cell, you simply type in the characters,
but make sure your pointer is inside the grid window. QSpread tries to
interpret it, and, if it finds out that is was meant to be text, it
preceeds it with an quotation mark. If you want to force QSpread to
assume text, this is done by a leading quotation mark that is followed
by the actual text. As you see, it is not necessary to activate the
entry line explicitly, you just type in the " and the QSpread knows
what to do. The text has an open end, ie. a closing quotation mark is
not required. Any quotation marks inside the text will not be affected,
they count like characters. As usual, the entry has to be confirmed by
enter.


SPECIAL KEYS DURING ENTRY
-------------------------
The cursor in the entry line can be used like in just any other pointer
based program. Atari users with the driver level E have some more
extended functions during editing.

The ESCape key breaks out of the entry mode and will not change the
contents of the current cell. In list entry mode, the complete entry is
stopped, although values that are already entered are kept.

The cursor key up has a special meaning in the QSpread entry line. When
it is pressed, QSpread temporarily stops entry mode and presents a
special pointer, the question mark. This reminds you that you have to
identify a cell, the name of it will be appended to the current entry
line and entry mode is resumed. For example, if you have the following
in you entry line:

          12+3*               (the cursor follows the *)

and press the cursor-up key now, you see the question mark pointer in
the grid. Now move the pointer to any cell with a value and HIT it. Now
you will see in the entry line:

          12+3*E6             (if E6 was the cell you just HIT)

Editing continues as normal.
