FORGET SHEET
------------
This command removes the current sheet from memory and provides a new,
empty one. The size of the new sheet can be adjusted by selecting the
required number and entering the new size. The default number can be
changed with a configuration program.


LOAD SHEET ..
-------------
With this function a new sheet can be loaded from a medium into the
memory of QSpread. Selection of the filename is done through the File
Select window of the menu extensions. Only files ending with _tab are
displayed. The old sheet will be removed with this operation an can not
be retrieved. The file ending can be changed with a configuration
program.


SAVE CURRENT SHEET
------------------
This saves the current sheet into a file using the QSpread file format.
If the sheet is unnamed, the current data default drive is suggested.
In case the file name does not end in the ending _tab, it is appended.
If the file already exists, and if the backup facility is selected
(Status menu), a copy of the old file is made. Otherwise you are asked
if you want to overwrite the old version. If there is already a file
connected to the sheet, this name is used. The file ending can be
changed with a configuration program.


SAVE WITH NEW FILENAME ..
-------------------------
This performs the same actions as Save current sheet, but you are
always asked to select a filename for the sheet, even if there is
already one connected.


IMPORT FROM FILE ..
-------------------
This command can import files which are not in the QSpread file format.
You have to name an import filterjob in the Files Options menu, which does
the conversion.


EXPORT TO FILE ..
-----------------
Like the import functions, it is the QSpread file format which gets
converted by an export filter into a different file format. The filter
file has to be set in the Files Option menu.


BLOCK INTO SCRAP
----------------
The current range is brought as text into the scrap, and can, from
there, be used in other programs which have scrap support (like QD).
Data already in the scrap will be overwritten.


MARK PAGE
---------
One page is highlighted in the given size starting from the current cell.


PRINT CURRENT PAGE
------------------
One page is printed in the given size starting from the current cell.
Printing is done through the printer filter to the given port. All
values can be changed in the change-printer-options menu.


PRINT CURRENT RANGE
-------------------
The current range is printed through the printer filter to the selected
printer port.


FORMULAE REPORT
---------------
Prints the formulae, not the values.


CHANGE PRINTER/FILTER OPTIONS
-----------------------------
QSpread does not put the data directly into the port, where the printer
is connected, but uses a driver program to convert the internal format
into control sequences. The advantage of the approach is that a
great variety of printer can be supported without changing the program,
you have just to select the right driver, which have to take care of
the right printer format. This allows the support even exotic printers
or multiple printers. If no driver name is given, output will be plain
ASCII. You can also change the name of the printer port in this menu, as
well as the number of lines and characters per page.
All values can be changed with a configuration program.
The filename of the transfer (ie. import or export) filter can also be
set via this menu.
