RECALCULATE GRID
----------------
This menu entry recalculates the complete sheet. This is important for
formulae having cell references, whose result is determined by other
cell values. Calculation is either done by column or by row according
to the selections in the status menu).


CHANGE COLUMN WIDTH
-------------------
With this the width of a column can be changed. This function operates
on all column in the current range. The maximum width is 60 characters,
the minimum is 1 character. If there are any numeric results, which
wouldn't fit into the column, this cell is filled with stars (*). Text
is automatically adjusted. The initial column width can be changed with
a configuration program.


PERFECT COLUMN WIDTH
--------------------
Adjusts the column width to the width of the largest cell in the selected
range.


SELECT COLUMN
-------------
This function marks the column where the current cell is in  as the new
current range.


INSERT COLUMNS
--------------
This function puts QSpread in the insert column mode. The insert-
pointer appears and after a hit QSpread asks for the number of columns
to be inserted. Everything that war right of the starting column is
moved by the requested number of column to the right, producing new
empty columns there. Because the sheets size is fixed, the last column
in the sheet is removed. References in formulae are updated to refer to
the correct cell.


DELETE COLUMNS
--------------
The delete-column-pointer appears after the selection of this function
and when the according column is hit QSpread requests the number of
columns to be deleted. After a confirmation the cells will be removed
from the grid and everything that was on their right will be moved to
the now empty position. At the end the sheet, a blank columns will be
inserted. References in formulae are updated to refer to the correct
cell.


SELECT ROW
----------
This function marks the row where the current cell is in  as the new
current range.


INSERT ROWS
-----------
This function puts QSpread in the insert row mode. The insert-pointer
appears and after a hit QSpread asks for the number of rows to be
inserted. Everything that war below the starting row is moved down by
the requested number of rows, producing new empty rows there. Because
the sheets size is fixed, the last column in the sheet is removed.
References in formulae are updated to refer to the correct cell.


DELETE ROWS
-----------
The delete-row-pointer appears after the selection of this function and
when the according row is hit QSpread requests the number of rows to be
deleted. After a confirmation the cells will be removed from the grid
and everything that was on below will be moved up to the now empty
position. At the end a the sheet, blank rows will be inserted.
References in formulae are updated to refer to the correct cell.


SEARCH ..
---------
This function allows to search for specific cell data, or parts of
the formulae. The search can be upwards or downwards, where the actual
order in which the cells are scanned depends on the order given for
entry and recalculation in the Status menu. The F9 Again function
repeates the last search.


QUIT QSPREAD
------------
This finally removes QSpread and the current sheet from memory.
