CF4 MOVE WINDOW
---------------
In the top left hand edge of the window is an icon of two overlapping
squares. This is the window move command, that allows you to move the
window, as it is, to a different screen position. When you HIT this
picture (ie. press the left mouse button, or the SPACE key), the
pointer will take it's form, and you can now move this symbol around.
If you HIT a second time, the window is moved to this position (if
there is enough screen space left to move it actually there).


CF3 WINDOW RESIZE
-----------------
The second window related command, that is situated right of the move
command icon and looks like two joined squares, is the window resize
command. If you move the resize pointer (after an initial HIT) away
from the window (ie. to the left and/or up) the window will be
enlarged; if you move the pointer towards the window (ie. right and/or
down) the window will shrink. Needless to say that there is no way of
making a window bigger than the actual screen size, and only that small
that all other windows fir inside. Please note: to bring the window
into it's full-sizes state, simple perform a DO (right mouse button, or
ENTER) on the resize item.


CF1 PUT APPLICATION TO SLEEP
----------------------------
The last window command looks like a visualised sort of comic-like
sleep, and that is exactly what it does: it put's the program to sleep.
Now what the hell does that mean, again? Well, it temporarily removes
the window from the screen, replacing it by a small button, which will
hurt nobody (in case you have QPac2, the button is put into the frame).
If you decide you like to continue working with the program, just DO
the button, and there is your window again, as you left it.


                                COMMANDS
                                --------


F1 HELP
-------
The Help command (F1) provides you with instant information. You are
presented with another menu, which allows you to choose the one topic
of interest for you. Of course, the help files have to be installed on
your system.


F2 FILE
-------
The File command (F2) collects all commands that are related to file or
printer operations. This is where you can create a new sheet as well as
change parameters for the printer.


F3 GRID
-------
The Grid command (F3) contains all commands, that affect the sheet as a
whole. This is where you also find the Quit command, to finally leave
the program.


F4 CELL
-------
The Cell command (F4) is responsible for all commands dealing with the
changing of the current cell or current range.


F5 STATUS
---------
The Status command (F5) allows to fine-tune the QSpread working
environment, which will obviously affect most other operations.


F6 FN's
-------
The Functions or Fn's menu (F6) contains a list short list of formulae
often needed. It's a sort of a scrap for these in case you are quite as
lazy as I am, and reluctant to entering the same thing over and over
again.


F8 ALL
------
The All command (F8) is a special short command, that determines if
just one cell or all cells in a selected range are affected by an
entry.


F9 AGAIN
--------
This function repeats the lastest search as determined in the find
function of the Grid Menu.


(+) SUM
-------
There is another curious looking command (scientists will certain
recognize it as the symbol for the sum). It is a single function (ie.
no menu), that contains the sum-formula, which will be explained later
on.


(_) LINE
--------
Furthermore there is the line-function (right to the sum-function, and
can be actived by the underscore keypress), which brings a dividing
line of the length of the current block into a cell... but as I said,
more of this in later section.


F10 GO TO
---------
On the right and side of this line is the Goto command (F10). It will
normally show the name of the current range. Furthermore this is where,
during time consuming tasks, the cell where QSpread is currently
working on, will be shown, to keep you informed. When you execute this
command item, you can enter the name of the cell you want to see next
in the top left corner of the grid. This allows you to move quite fast
over the whole sheet.
